Explanatory visualizations are primarily about conveying a message or story.
They should grab your reader's attentions,
and clearly convey a message that conveys a specific feeling or a call to action.
In order to most effectively tell the story and engage your audience,
you want your plots to be polished.
Many aspects of polished explanatory visualizations,
have already been covered in previous lessons.
These include choosing an appropriate plot and
encodings and paying attention to design integrity.
The previous lessons haven't explicitly covered one aspect of
explanatory visualizations, context information.
On your axes, make sure you place appropriate labels and sufficient tick marks.
Generate legends that describe non-positional encodings,
provide a title on your plots, and accompany them
with comments or additional text.
All of these elements will provide your readers with a direct path
to understanding what your visualization is telling them.